Release 20210315 (#889)
publiccodenet/about: activities/finance-management/authorization.md

---
type: Guide
explains: how authorization is managed at the Foundation
---

# Financial authorization

Payments below € 5000 can be made directly by the Operations Coordinator.

Payments above € 50.000 must be approved by two board members. [See the Articles of Association.](../../organization/articles-of-association.md)

> Based on the bylaws, no natural person or legal entity can dispose of the assets of the Foundation for Public Code as if such assets were their own. The board of directors (bestuur) needs the approval of the general assembly for all expenses over € 500.000 (article 21.5a of the bylaws). The board of directors also needs the general assembly’s approval for loaning or borrowing over € 100.000 (article 21.5b of the bylaws).

Author: ```suggestion
Based on the bylaws, no natural person or legal entity can dispose of the assets of the Foundation for Public Code as if such assets were their own. The board of directors (bestuur) needs the approval of the general assembly for all expenses over € 500.000 (article 21.5a of the bylaws). The board of directors also needs the general assembly’s approval to loan or borrow over € 100.000 (article 21.5b of the bylaws).
```
